here are our top 5 reasons why England
are definitely gonna win the World Cup
number 5 were the underdogs at last
after year upon year upon year upon year
upon year upon year of misery
finally the English press don't expect
anything of us they don't expect
anything of Rooney they do I expect
anything of Jagielka we've got no
pressure and if I press don't expect
anything of us the foreign press isn't
gonna expect anything of us all the
teams are gonna start resting players
against us keep a fit for Costa Rica
lads
there's no point playing any other end
but you're gonna get murked up in a
number for Roy stand Hodgson under Roy
Hodgson we have never lost in an
international tournament in normal time
we did lose against Italy in penalties
but that's ponies that's not normal time
and Roy Hodgson's got a psychiatrist
he's getting inside the players minds
trying to work out why the can't take
penalties now what could it be
absolutely boss at penalties and it's
all cuz you managed to get a shrinking
in at number 3 it's Gary Neville red
Neve is our defensive coach one of the
better right backs in England what did
you just say it will nobody backs in
England sorry mate I mean the world if
anyone can transform a defense into a
solid impenetrable unit is Gareth
Neville open we've only got one
recognized right back Glen Johnson and
he's a bit of a liability and then we've
just got allowing people our position on
James Milner
shut up man and go on stop crying to
your mum Gary Neville is gonna transform
Glen Johnson from the messner years into
the hero in at number two is you we have
got bucket loads of young potential
we've got sure we've got lalana we've
got Barclays we've got all those
Liverpool players but they're wearing
england shirts we're gonna support them
until they lift the trophy and then
we'll stop after that point in at number
one the top reason why England of 100%
gonna win the World Cup
it's was Arun Stein when Rooney
England's star player Manchester United
cannot pay him enough
this salary I say I've been calling him
he won't answer my calls
when Rooney is a world-class player he's
at his fitness coach how in Portugal he
knows that this is his last opportunity
to truly prove to the world that he is a
class class player better than Messi
Bellamy louder and he is gonna lift that
England trophy they lamented capped him
by the end Gila scored 40 Patrick's if
that's possible Wayne Rooney it's gonna
lead us to glory let me know what you
think put your comments below tell me
why we're gonna win the World Cup
because we definitely are and subscribe
to full time Devils